add service_lib and aar to the docs (#2634)
kivy/python-for-android: doc/source/quickstart.rst

Replace ``--port=5000`` with the port on which your app will serve a
website. The default for Flask is 5000.

Build a Service library archive
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To build an android archive (.aar), containing an android service , you need a name, version, package identifier, explicitly use the 

> service_library bootstrap, and declare service entry point (See :ref:`services <arbitrary_scripts_services>` formore options), as well as the requirements and arch(s)::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
service_library bootstrap, and declare service entry point (See :ref:`services <arbitrary_scripts_services>` for more options), as well as the requirements and arch(s)::
```
